Ignore kservices not created by serverless-controller-manager in revision-controller (#8255)
kyma-project/kyma: components/function-controller/README.md

| **APP_FUNCTION_DOCKER_ADDRESS**                   | Internal address of the Docker Registry                                                                                                                                | `serverless-docker-registry.kyma-system.svc.cluster.local:5000`                                                                                   |
| **APP_FUNCTION_DOCKER_EXTERNAL_ADDRESS**          | External address of the Docker Registry                                                                | `registry.kyma.local`                                                                                                                                      |

> | **APP_KSERVICE_REQUEUE_DURATION**                 | Period of time after which the Knative Service Controller retries cleanup of stale revisions                 | `10m`                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_KSERVICE_REQUEUE_DURATION**                 | Period of time after which the Knative Service Controller retries to clean up stale revisions                 | `10m`                                                                                                                                      |
```
